Wordpress Testing
=================

Testing is vital in a current development work flow. Driven by unit testing, we
can write powerful markup. In this short example, we will discuss how to
implement testing within our wordpress plugin development.

To begin, we will take advantage of WP CLI. Within this shell app, we can run
a command to immediately scaffold a new plugin with a dedicated test folder
--ready to go! To do this we can run `wp scaffold plugin <plugin_name>`. This
will generate the following tree:

```bash
justin
├── Gruntfile.js
├── bin
│   └── install-wp-tests.sh
├── justin.php
├── package.json
├── phpunit.xml
├── readme.txt
└── tests
    ├── bootstrap.php
	    └── test-justin.php
```

Before we begin testing, let's setup a quick plugin within `justin.php`. Here we
will add an object dedicated to adding content to the end of certain attributes.
We call this function and return a span with our name and custom content
message.

```php
<?php
class JustinAttribution
{
	public function add($content)
	{
		return $content . 
		" <span style='font-size: 50%'>-Justin Page</span>";
	}
}

$justin = new JustinAttribution;
add_filter('attr_justin', [$justin, "add"]);
```
Now that our plugin is done, we need to test it. Before we run `phpunit`, we
need to run our bootstrap shell within bin. What does this do? This simply
setups a separate wordpress environment, along with a completely different
database, within system `/tmp/`. By doing so, we are isolating our plugin to an
isolated testing environment. To run this shell script within bedrock, we run
the following: `sudo ./bin/install-wp-tests.sh wordpress_test root '' localhost
latest`. After setup, you are ready to go!

Our sample test will extend wordpress unit test case class. This class offers us
all the methods necessary for unit testing. We will take advantage of a few. We
first setup our plugin within tests. The bootstrap file in tester immediately
loads our plugin as a must-use and therefore we don't have to worry about
activation. We then use the method and store the return value. Does it equal to
our expected outcome? 

```php
<?php

class JustinTest extends WP_UnitTestCase {
	public function setUp()
	{
		$this->justin = new JustinAttribution;
	}

	public function testAddedJustin()
	{
		$newString =
			$this->justin->add("Hi.");
		$this->assertEquals($newString,
			"Hi. <span style='font-size: 50%'>-Justin Page</span>");
	}
}
```

To run our test, all we need to do is run `phpunit` in the root of our plugins
folder.
