Autoloading
===========
Having our objects readily available is important for reusability. Autoloading
allows us to include classes for our disposal in our project. We shall take
advantage of both namespacing and the SPL autoload register function.

Must use plugins
----------------
Before we begin, let's start out by using a must-use plugins folder. This folder
is specific to allowing us to include plugins that are automatically activated
on load. This includes adding our autoloader to this folder. 

We will take advantage of using `plugin-dependencies` plugin in order to create
immediate dependencies between the autloader and our bootstrap file for adding a
custom post type. Our register function will accept a lambda. This lambda
requires a class parameter. The class to which we actually request. We the
create the segments of our namespace, we then grab the first reserve name in
order to see if it lives within the WordPress plugins directory that actually
lives in the classes folder. The reason for this seperation is that we allow a
custom post type plugin to immediately apply to wordpress. This allows the
end-user to not have to think about how this plugin is loaded nor concern about
activating it. But what if we wanted to load a plugin from the plugins
directory. We consider this as fallback. We implode the path with the proper
directory structure and then include the appropriate class.

```php

<?php

/**
 * Plugin Name: App Classes
 * Description: Register the autoloader for all our app classes all of which
 * must use the WPPlugins top level
 * Author: Justin Page
 * Provides: Classes
 *
 */

spl_autoload_register(function ($class) {
	$segments = array_filter(explode("\\", $class));
	$first = array_shift($segments);

	if ($first === "WPPlugins") {
		$path = dirname(__DIR__) . "/classes/" . implode("/", $segments) . ".php";
	} else {
		array_unshift($segments, $first);
		$path = WP_PLUGINS_DIR.  "/" . implode("/", $segments) . ".php";
	}
	if (file_exists($path))
		include $path;
});
```

Bootstrapping the custom ContentType
------------------------------------
We add an action within our bootstrap file. This depends on the Classes plugin
or the autoloader as we described above. We add the action to load the plugin
which creates a new Content Type object that uses the available namespace. We
pass through two parameter arguments: the name of the content type and the
support options it allows.

```php
<?php

/**
 * Plugin Name: App Bootstrap
 * Depends: Classes
 */

add_action('plugins_loaded', function () {
	$quotes = new WPPlugins\WPExtend\ContentType('quotes', [
		'singular_name' => "Quote",
		'supports' => ['editor', 'title', 'revisions', 'custom_fields', 'thumbnail']
	]);
});
```
