Setting up Composer file
========================
To take our development further, we can take advantage of composer. Composer is
a PHP package manager that provides a super powerful auto-loader and management
system for re-usable components. These packages are super powerful becuase they
are community driven and speed up your development workflow. Just because we are
in wordpress environment, does not mean we can't use composer. Composer is for
PHP. So let's use it.

We created the following file within our root directory:

```js
{
    "name": "klvtz/wordpress-galaxy",
    "description": "Hackers Guide to the Wordpress Galaxy using modern PHP practices",
    "authors": [
        {
            "name": "Justin Page",
            "email": "xjustinpagex@gmail.com"
        }
    ],

	"repositories": [
		{
			"type": "composer",
			"url": "http://wpackagist.org"
		}
	],
    "require": {
		"php": ">=5.4",
		"johnpbloch/wordpress": "4.1.1",
		"wpackagist-plugin/plugin-dependencies": "1.3",
        "twig/twig": "~1.18",
        "slim/slim": "~2.6"
	},

	"autoload": {
		"psr-4": {
			"app\\": "app/"
		}
	},
	"extra": {
		"wordpress-install-dir": "public/wp",
		"installer-paths": {
			"public/content/plugins/{$name}/": ["type:wordpress-plugin"]
		}
	}
}
```

Few things to note, we implement http://wpackagist.com -a super powerful
packagist site dedicated to wordpress plugins. We also use an open-source
version of wordpress, this allows us to maintain control of our wordpress
version. We've included two plugins for demonstration. One is twig, a templating
engine, and the other is slim, a micro-framework. We load our main application
folder under current PSR-4 standards.


When installing a fresh copy of composer, run `composer install`. To update your
composer dependencies and/or generate a new `composer.lock` file, run `composer
update`. Last thing to do is load up your autoloader. You have a few choices on
where you would like to add this. In some projects, this may be in your
`functions.php` file or even your `index.php` file. In our example, we include
the autoloader from within our `wordpress.app` folder:

```php
/** Let's define our environment for better control **/
require APP_ROOT . '/vendor/autoload.php';
```
