Using the Slim microframework to Build a Read API
=================================================
Slim is a micro-framework that allows us to add routing to our wordpress
application. We take advantage of our `WPObject` model in order to find posts.
These posts could be random, all of them, or even a single item. 

In this short example, we include the the `wp-blog-header` to get the ball
rolling. We set the content type of the header to JSON for proper rendering on
our data when it is returned.

```php
<?php
require dirname(dirname(__DIR__)) . '/public/wp/wp-blog-header.php';
header("Content-type: application/json");
```

We create a simple route that demonstrates Slim is working. Like other famous
routing systems in frameworks, we provide both the route and an anonymous
function for handling the data requested. In the following examples, we focus on
post type of quotes.

Our arguments that we pass through are configurable base on type as well as
wordpress query parameters. Each parameter is sent as an argument to the
`WP_Query` method as a result of the find methods use of `get_posts`. Our first
example of this takes the type of post and defines it as post type. Since we
send an array to our find method, we are requesting many posts and therfore will
echo out a json encoded object quote posts:

```php
$api = new \Slim\Slim();

$api->get("/", function() {
	echo "Welcome! How can I help you?";
});

$api->get("/:type", function($type) use ($api) {
	$args = ['post_type' => $type];
	$payload = \app\models\WPObject::find($args);

	echo json_encode($payload);
});
```

If we want to request a type of post using custom parameters, we can do so by
using the following request syntax:

```
http://wordpress.app/api/quotes?posts_per_page=2
```

This will only grab two post per page. This can be attached to our arguments by
grabbing all GET parameters via the Slim request object:

```php
$api->get("/:type", function($type) use ($api) {
	$args = ['post_type' => $type] + $api->request()->get()
		+ $api->request()->get();
	$payload = \app\models\WPObject::find($args);

	echo json_encode($payload);
});
```


But that's extremely long! Let's shorten it by assuming our arguments within
our array. This will shorten our http request.

```php
$api->get("/:type/random", function($type) use ($api) {
	$args = ['post_type' => $type, 'posts_per_page' => 1, 
		'orderby' => 'rand'];
	$payload = \app\models\WPObject::find($args);

	echo json_encode($payload);
});
```

Our last demonstration focuses on getting a single quote post via id:

```php
$api->get("/:type/:id", function($type, $id) use ($api) {
	$payload = \app\models\WPObject::find($id);
	echo json_encode($payload);
});

$api->run();
```
