Adding create, update, and delete actions
=========================================

Let's take a look at our more powerful actions we can use slim for. This
includes creating a new post, updating it with the same identifier, and deleting
it from wordpress completely.

Create a Post
-------------
We register a post method that accepts a type. Post because this data should be
submitted securely. Note that we do not cover validation nor authentication.
This would be required for production. We convert the request body we send
through, which is JSON, to an array. We then include a post type that we then
insert as an array of data to wordpress API. We set the response and send back
the location that was created for our new post. 

```php
$api->post("/:type", function ($type) use ($api) {
	$data = json_decode($api->request()->getBody(), true);
	$data['post_type'] = $type;
	
	$result = wp_insert_post($data);	
	$location = "http://wordpress.app/api/{$type}/{$result}";

	$response = $api->response();
	$response->status(201);
	$response['Content-Type'] = "application/json";

	echo json_encode(['location' => $location]);
});
```

Updating a Post
---------------
Because Slim doesn't offer patch, which would be the proper HTTP method for
updating one field and not replacing all within an object. We can map the
request to put and patch. This means we encapsulate both HTTP methods into one.
But keep in mind that they are different.

We accept both a type and the id of the post we like to update. We then grab the
body to then decode as an array. We then set the id to the id we provided. We
then update this post with the wordpress method of `wp_update_post`. Like above,
we return a result that reflects the return the wordpress API gave us.

```php
$api->map("/:type/:id(/)", function ($type, $id) use ($api) {
	$body = $api->request()->getBody();
	$data = json_decode($body, true);
	$data['ID'] = $id;

	$return = wp_update_post($data);

	$response = $api->response();
	$response->status(200);
	$response['Content-Type'] = 'application/json';

	echo json_encode($return);	
})->via("PUT", "PATCH");
```

Delete a Post
-------------
Deleting a post is perhaps the easiest to go over, we send through a type and an
identifier. We then delete the post simply on the id itself. We then return back
the results encoded in JSON. Notice that the results back will be the entire
object itself. This is because Wordpress allows us to process this data, even
after we delete it from the DB.

```php
$api->delete("/:type/:id(/)", function ($type, $id) {
	$return = wp_delete_post($id);
	echo json_encode($return);
});
```
