Take Advantage of PHP 5.3 and above
===================================
There are a variety of new of new features we can implement within a wordpress
plugin. One is namespacing.

Namespaces
----------
These help resolve the issue of file name conflicts as well as object name
collisions. This prevents the issue of long, unneeded class names. By defining
namespaces, we allow ourselves greater control over our objects. We implement
this feature in the object bellow.

Lambdas
-------
Or also known as anonymous functions, these allow us to reserve our functions in
variable space and therefore are easier to re-use. They also allow us to use
instead of a string name in our actions command. You can also declare an
anonymous function directly within an add action

```php
$some_function = function() {..};
add_action('init', $some_function);

# using lambdas directly
add_action('init', function(){..});
```

Objects
-------
Not specific to PHP 5.3 but to embracing OOP mindset in Wordpress plugin
development. We should strive to use objects as a basis for encapsulating our
logic. We can then define specific functions and properties. From there, we can
send that object as an argument to our action and then define a method callable
within the object after initialization

Traits
------
Gaining popularity, traits are reusable object components that can be used in
current objects. Think of them as the OOP of copy-and-paste. They provide the
same functionality in one object and can then be used in another. So instead of
extending from a larger parent class with unneeded functionality, we can use a
trait for just the method properties we want to use. The example below
demonstrates this and some other topics discussed above:

```php
<?php

/**
 * Plugin Name: Some Cool Plugin
 * Author: KLVTZ
 */

namespace KLVTZ\SomeCoolPlugin;

trait CreatePosts {

	public  function create_content_type($options)
	{
		return "You just created a new content type, with traits, called " . $options["type"];
	}
}

class RandomClass {

	use \KLVTZ\SomeCoolPlugin\CreatePosts; 
	protected $content_type_message;

	public function __construct($options)
	{
		$this->content_type_message = $this->create_content_type($options);
	}


	public function print_message()
	{
		echo $this->con tent_type_message;
	}
}

$object = new RandomClass(["type" => "Location"]);
add_action('init', [$object, "print_message"]);
```
