Twig Overview
=============
Templating is a modern approach in keeping your application's presentation a
seperate interaction from your application's other interactions.

When we use templating, we have the ability to provide a template that can be
rendered base on data we provide. In other words, we can setup a template that
can be reused and be flexible in its purpose. 

In this example, we will use twig along with slim. Slim will act as our
micro-framework for our application and twig will handle our entire view and
templating system. In other words, we will bypass the entire routing system that
wordpress offers us. If this is too much control, I suggest checking out [Timber][timber].

We first begin by loading timber with the templates directory. We send through
this load to the twig environment to which is used throughout the entire
application. We provide a few routes that basically accept a parameter and then
render a page with that content. In the following examples, we have one for the
index page, a quote, and a even a custom word. When we render, we can send
through arrguments that can then be outputted within the template.

```php
app = new \Slim\Slim();
$twig_loader = new Twig_Loader_Filesystem(dirname(__DIR__) . '/app/templates');
$template = new Twig_Environment($twig_loader);

$app->get("/", function() use ($template)
{
	echo $template->render("index.html.twig");
});

$app->get("/quote", function () use ($template)
{
	$quote = \app\models\WPObject::find([
		'post_type' => 'quotes',
		'posts_per_page' => 1,
		'orderby' => 'rand'
	]);	
	$quote = array_shift($quote);

	echo $template->render("quote.html.twig", ['quote' => $quote]);
});

$app->get("/:word", function($word) use ($template)
{
	echo $template->render("index.html.twig", ['word' => $word]);
});

$app->run();
```

When twig gets the template, we will use the default layout to include a block
of content. That block of content will be injected when a template extends
itself and declares it as a block content:

quote template
```html
{% extends "layout.html.twig" %}

{% block content %}
<div class="quote-container">
	<h1>{{ quote.content }}</h1>
</div>
{% endblock %}
```

layout template
```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="UTF-8">
	<title>Random Quotes</title>
</head>
<body>
	<div class="wrapper">
		{% block content %}{% endblock %}
	</div>
</body>
</html>
```

[timber]: http://jarednova.github.io/timber/

